>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
I am going to pull up the challenge and
we can do a freeze frame on this and
so I am going to leave you with this.
And this is, in a sense,
what I have just done.
So I think we are at a good spot.
And what I would like everybody to do,
is just
sometime this evening, go back through and
try to re-implement what I've done.
So from event, map.
So you use map, play around with that
filter and then more importantly,
bufferTime distinctUntilChanged and
switchMap.
Now granted, everything I'm asking you to
do, I've done in five lines approximately.
And so this will be kind of
the final module for today.
Does anybody have any questions about
what we've covered in the last two days?
We can talk about the meaning of life to,
why I write the code the way I do,
Angular, whatever you would like, but
I'll be available for probably the next 24
hours, you can at least get a hold of me.
Just kidding.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Well
if nobody has anything to that end,
again thank you for an awesome day two.
Thank you everyone online,
you're awesome as always.
And see everybody tomorrow for day three.
Please do try to do this homework, this to
me is super powerful and very exciting.